Integration with ElasticSearch using KIE Server (#146)
mramendi/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ElasticSearch/integration-elasticsearch-proc.adoc

[id='integration-elasticsearch-proc_{context}']
= Configuring the {KIE_SERVER} to send information to ElasticSearch when a transaction is committed

> You can configure the {KIE_SERVER} to send information to ElasticSearch about every event when a process, case, or task is completed. The {KIE_SERVER} sends the information when it commits transactions.

Reviewer: Change "completed" to "comitted". "Completed" is a legit state for process, cases and task and events are not only published when this state is reached, but when the process, case or task is modified in any way

You can use this functionality with any business process or case. You do not need to change anything in the process design.

This configuration is also available if you run your process service using SpringBoot.

The {KIE_SERVER} serializes the process, case, and task information as JSON documents.

> .Procedure

Reviewer 2: Can we add prerequisites before the procedure as follows:

.Prerequisites
* You created a business process or a case. For more information about creating a business process or case, see {link of the Developing process services book}.

. To enable sending information to ElasticSearch, complete one of the following steps:
.. If you deployed the {KIE_SERVER} on {EAP} or another application server:
ifdef::PAM,DM[]
... Download the `{PRODUCT_FILE}-maven-repository.zip` product deliverable file from the {PRODUCT_DOWNLOAD_LINK}[Software Downloads] page of the Red Hat Customer Portal.
... Extract the contents of the file.
... Copy the `maven-repository/org/jbpm/jbpm-event-emitters-elasticsearch/{MAVEN_ARTIFACT_VERSION}/jbpm-event-emitters-kafka-{MAVEN_ARTIFACT_VERSION}.jar` file into the `deployments/kie-server.war/WEB-INF/lib` subdirectory of the application server.
endif::PAM,DM[]
ifdef::JBPM,DROOLS,OP[]
... Retrieve the `org.jbpm.jbpm-event-emitters-elasticsearch` JAR file version `{MAVEN_ARTIFACT_VERSION}` from the public Maven repository.
... Copy the file into the `deployments/kie-server.war/WEB-INF/lib` subdirectory of the application server.
endif::JBPM,DROOLS,OP[]
+

> .. If you deployed the application using SpringBoot, add the following lines to the `<dependencies>` list in the `pom.xml` file of your service:

Reviewer 3: @hmanwani-rh I actually prefer Misha's version where he  is specific (lines) about what to add.

+
[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.jbpm</groupId>
  <artifactId>jbpm-event-emitters-elasticsearch</artifactId>
  <version>${version.org.kie}</version>
</dependency>
----
+

> . Configure any of the following system properties for the {KIE_SERVER} as necessary:

Reviewer: Property names are prefixed with 
org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch
Please change accordingly.
PS: Since you are asking in PR, Index in elastic search is roughly equivalent to a relational db table

* `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.url`: The URL of the ElasticSearch server. The default value is `http://localhost:9200`.

> * `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.index`: The ElasticSearch index to use for the information.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I don't think either version explains what this property does. Is it the ElasiticSearch index that uses the BLAH information?

> * `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.index`: The ElasticSearch index to use for the information.

Author: an "index" is basically like a "database name" but in ElasticSearch's model. I don't really want to try explaining what ElasticSearch is, and from what I know from engineering review, this formula (with" for") is clear to someone who does know this.

* `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.date_format`: The timestamp format for the information. The default value is `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSZ` .

> * `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.user`: The user name for authenticating to the ElasticSearch server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.user`: The user name to authenticate the ElasticSearch server.
```

> * `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.password`: The password for authenticating to the ElasticSearch server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.password`: The password to authenticate the ElasticSearch server.
```

Reviewer 3: The password used with the org.jbpm.event.emitters.elasticsearch.user` user that authenticates the ElasticSearch server.
